# March 8, 2021
## Overview
Catch up from solo week

## Log
### 2:15 PM
#### Challenge/Motivation
I forgot to journal during most of the solo week, so I am going to try and catch up today.
Lots of progress was made over the week, I added two modals to add questions or answers, made the helpfulness buttons functional, and figured out some sorting issues that I was having.

#### Actions Taken
Taking my code and making it more DRY made a huge different. I have learned to love hooks, and hope to not have to deal with a class component again. They are so powerful, and so clean to write.


#### Results Observed

## Log
### 8:40 PM
#### Challenge/Motivation
Tests tests tests. This morning was the first morning back after solo week, and it was made clear to us that we need to and should have been spending more time writing tests and understanding testing languages.
Wrapping up functionality of small components.

#### Actions Taken
For tests, did more research on Jest/Enzyme tests. Played around with writing a few tests. It was pretty easy to write a simple test that would just check to see if a component was rendered. But then getting into checking if a piece of functionality on the page is working made things difficult. I was focusing on checking that the innerHTML of a button changes once clicked, but have been struggling mocking the functionality that already works on the page. Tomorrow will be tackling that first.

It felt good to get some of the lingering tech debt/refactoring done today. Some of the components are a little buggy, but the functionality is all there. My last big ticket item will be to write the functionality of the search bar. It seems like a big hassle based on what others have said, but I think it will be a fun challenge. Another item for me tomorrow.

#### Results Observed
Tests TESTS tests. The seniors mentioned staying on top of testing. We wrote a few very basic tests at the start, but then got carried away having fun with the functionality and styling. For the remainder of the project, we have decided to dedicate at least 20% of the time spent coding on writing meaningful tests.


